# TymeX Internship Program 2024 - Round 2: Online Test - Mobile Intern

This is a submission to the TymeX Internship Online Test. Built by Bui Dang Khoa.

## Table of Contents

- [TymeX Internship Program 2024 - Round 2: Online Test - Mobile Intern](#tymex-internship-program-2024---round-2-online-test---mobile-intern)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Challenge 1 - Currency Exchange App](#challenge-1---currency-exchange-app)
    - [Features](#features)
    - [Prerequisite](#prerequisite)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Running the Application](#running-the-application)
    - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Demo](#demo)
  - [Challenge 2 - Coding Skills Assessment](#challenge-2---coding-skills-assessment)
    - [Prerequisite](#prerequisite-1)
    - [Installation](#installation-1)
    - [Running the Application](#running-the-application-1)

---

## Challenge 1 - Currency Exchange App

XChange is a currency exchange application built for iOS devices. The app allows users to convert from hundreds of currencies world wide. XChange is the best way to get the latest exchange rates available.

### Features

-   Convert to and from hundreds of currencies
-   Get the latest and most accurate exchange rates
-   Smooth and intuitive user experience

### Prerequisite

-   XCode (Version 16.1)
-   Simulator Device: iPhone 16 Pro (iOS 18.1)

### Installation

1.  Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MasterMobo/tymex-internship-challenge.git
```

2. Open the folder `TymeXChallenge1` in XCode

### Running the Application

To run the application, press the play button in XCode.

### Testing

Tu run the test suite, navigate to the Testing tab in Xcode. Then run the `CurrencyExchangeTests` suite.

You can also navigate to the `CurrencyExchangeTests` target and pick individual test to run.

**Note:** The project only comes with unit tests and no UI tests (besides the examples generated by XCode), so you don't need to run `CurrencyExchangeUITests`.

### Demo

Watch a short demo of the application [here](https://youtu.be/ErF3cQQAc5c)

---

## Challenge 2 - Coding Skills Assessment

This challenge is broken down into two parts: **Product Inventory Management** and **Finding Missing Number**. For convenience, they have been combined into one project.

### Prerequisite

-   XCode (Version 16.1)
-   Simulator Device: Mac

### Installation

1.  Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MasterMobo/tymex-internship-challenge.git
```

2. Open the folder `TymeXChallenge2` in XCode

### Running the Application

To run the application, press the play button in XCode. You should see the results printed to the console.
